Get up.
This matter is hosted by Jiang Yonghui behind the scenes
So you didn't know.
I am ashamed of my trust in the king and dragon lord
Ask for atonement
Take more Jiang Yonghui in person
You cooperate with me tomorrow
Don't act rashly
I want to see if Jiang Yonghui is still behind the scenes
Thank you, Dragon Lord
I will fully cooperate with you.
The dragon master pays his life indifferently
We are also willing to cooperate with you.
And me, me, me.
You can ask me to do anything
I can do anything.
You don't know repentance until you die
You can go if you dry early.
The dragon lord desperately guards the keel
You citybuilders are destroying the Wall yourself
Lord Xiangchu
How should they deal with it?
Wanjia father and son smuggle Dou Haixian
Murder
Possession of firearms
Collusion with the Japanese Jin enemy
Impunity
Yes
Dragon Lord, we have passed
Forgive me, forgive me, Lord Dragon
What happened today
Temporarily I also caused
The gang said don't scare the snake
In addition, order the lord of Haicheng, Weizhou
Enter the good army ahead of schedule
Defend Tomorrow Sea City Trade Conference
And give you the Vortex conspiracy to pay off
This is for you.
I have something else to tell you.
Broadcast host belt
Bright Sun
Don't go